In terms of reproducibility and cup-to-cup standardization, I'm not saying it can't produce a good result, because it can, but it's not the most desirable way to get there.
So, what we're talking about now is hanging out in this vulnerable area. We're talking about extended fermentation.
We're talking about days in the tank or days in contact
with microbes, with fruit, with other things.
So this is--
I don't think a lot of people appreciate the huge paradigm
shift that this is for most producers.
You are asking them to do something
they have never done before.
And it is very scary, very scary.
And all we want is a good flavor.
So I think that that's, again, something to keep in context.
So this vulnerable, risky time is, again, on the flip side,
an opportunity to be able to make an impact.
So now the producer doesn't have to sit in the back and hide,
but they can actually influence the flavor of the coffee.
This is just a reminder that when we talk about picking,
it's pretty clear that we see a coffee tree,
and then you pick the cherries.
And I know what that step is.
and pulping, even if you've never seen it,
tomorrow it will be very clear.
You have the cherries, you run it through the machine,
and then you have parchment.
Fermentation is still like this black mist.